# Shared Files for HADES Applications

ToDo: Create a clear division between the DSM and HADES here. At present things are muddled.

## Diametric Theme

This contains data icons for the Diametric Safety Case Manager.

To add a new icon:

1. Create an SVG file in a subfolder of `Diametric/scalable`. Prefix the icon name with the folder
name.

2. Run `./theme-png.sh Diametric` to generate the corresponding PNG icon. Note that this will
overwrite all the existing PNG files, but the contents will be identical if the SVG hasn't changed.

3. Run `gtk-update-icon-cache Diametric` to regenerate the `icon-theme.cache` file.

Reports in DOCX format include both the SVG and PNG versions of icons because older
versions of Word don't understand the SVG.

If you add open source icons from an existing collection then you MUST add credit and a link to the
license. Please do not add icons unless you are SURE that they are properly licensed for inclusion
here. There are lots of "free" icons on the web which are only free as in beer. Once an icon is
in this repository removal is a nightmare, so please don't do it.

If you want to add a new category of icon then create a folder under `Diametric/scalable`. The
corresponding `48x48` folder will be created by `theme-png.sh`. Then add the corresponding entries
in the `Diametric/index.theme` and `hades.cabal` files. Don't use any of the category
names already taken by standard icon themes (`actions`, `category` etc) because these are filtered
out. Don't forget to include the category name in each icon file name.

DSM files refer to these icons by name, so removing or renaming an icon is a breaking change.

### Theme Credits

The UK road signs are by the UK Government and licensed under the
[Open Government Licence](https://nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/1/)
version 1.0 (OGL v1.0)

## Documentation

The DSM manual is a PDF file generated from the `User Manual.docx` file up in the top level
`Documents` folder. The HTML file is just a redirect to the PDF.

ToDo: Update the manual. The current version is just taken from the commercial version of the DSM.

## Docx Template File

Under the hood Microsoft Office files are just zip files with particular contents. The `docx` folder
contains the basic template files for generated Word documents.

## Examples

DSM files illustrating how the DSM is used.

ToDo: Update these with icons from the open source version.

## Hicolor Theme

This contains generic application icons for HADES applications, not just the DSM.

## Other Files

`editor-ui.glade` is the top level definition for model editors based on HADES, including the DSM.

`hades-gtk.css` contains CSS classes for HADES under GTK.

`report.css` contains the CSS file for HTML reports generated by HADES applications.

`theme-png.sh` is a script to update the PNG versions of SVG icons.

`welcome.svg` is a splash screen for the DSM.
